migrate Summer of Nix blog posts (#1559)
NixOS/nixos-homepage: src/content/blog/announcements/2022-02-23-summer-of-nix-2021-report.md

---
title: Summer of Nix 2021 report is out
date: 2021-02-23
---

Happy to announce that the [Summer of Nix 2021 report is

> out](/assets/report-2021.pdf). This report explains in detail the motivation

Author: ```suggestion
out](https://ngi-nix.github.io/summer-of-nix/SoN-2021-report.pdf). This report explains in detail the motivation
```

> out](https://ngi-nix.github.io/summer-of-nix/SoN-2021-report.pdf). This report explains in detail the motivation

Author: ```suggestion
out](https://summer.nixos.org/assets/report-2021.pdf). This report explains in detail the motivation
```
